Fixes for Svg.Skia (#16366)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/using-the-uno-sdk.md

# Using the Uno.Sdk

> Uno Platform projects use the Uno.Sdk package designed to keep projects simple, yet configurable. It import the `Microsoft.Net.Sdk` (and the `Microsoft.Net.Sdk.Web` for WebAssembly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno Platform projects use the Uno.Sdk package is designed to keep projects simple, yet configurable. It imports the `Microsoft.Net.Sdk` (and the `Microsoft.Net.Sdk.Web` for WebAssembly).
```

- `UnoUniversalImageLoaderVersion`
- `UnoWasmBootstrapVersion`

> > [!NOTE]
> > In the 5.2 version of the Uno.Sdk you must provide a value for `UnoExtensionsVersion`, `UnoThemesVersion`, `UnoToolkitVersion` and `UnoCSharpMarkupVersion` in order to use the packages associated with the UnoFeatures from these libraries as they are down stream dependencies of the Uno repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> In the 5.2 version of the Uno.Sdk you must provide a value for `UnoExtensionsVersion`, `UnoThemesVersion`, `UnoToolkitVersion`, and `UnoCSharpMarkupVersion` in order to use the packages associated with the UnoFeatures from these libraries as they are downstream dependencies of the Uno repository.
```
